Fixes #2480 Created separation for make file for Windows and Linux (#2534)
deepchecks/deepchecks: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   guidelines <https://github.com/deepchecks/deepchecks/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`__
-  Check if your changes are consistent with the
   `guidelines <#general-guidelines-for-contribution>`__
-  Refer to the `Windows users <#windows-users>`__ section if your development environment
   is Windows.

   - `Creating Virtual Environment <#creating-virtual-environment>`__
   - `Installing Dependencies <#installing-dependencies>`__
   - `Running Unit Tests <#windows-running-unit-tests>`__
   - `Coding Style <#windows-coding-style>`__

> -  Refer to the `Linux/Mac users <#linux-and-mac-users>`__ section if your development environment

Reviewer: Put this section above windows, as it's more common IMO.

Author: Done

   is either Linux or Mac.

   - `Running Unit Tests <#linux-mac-running-unit-tests>`__
   - `Coding Style <#linux-mac-coding-style>`__
   - `Test Coverage <#linux-mac-test-coverage>`__
   - `Generate Docs <#linux-mac-generate-docs>`__

General guidelines for contribution
------------------------------------

-  Include unit tests when you contribute new features, as they help to:
   
   - Prove that your code works correctly.
   - Guard against future breaking changes to lower the maintenance cost.

-  Bug fixes also generally require unit tests, because the presence of
   bugs usually indicates insufficient test coverage.
-  Make sure that your code changes complies with the coding style of the
   project.
-  Keep API compatibility in mind when you change code. Reviewers of
   your pull request will comment on any API compatibility issues.

> Windows Users

Reviewer: Move windows below the mac/linux part

---------------
For contributors using Windows operating system, you have to manually run
the following commands since as of now the ``make`` commands works with

> Linux/Mac OS. **BTW, you are open to solve this issue!!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux/Mac OS. **BTW, If you have a fix for that you are more than welcome to contribute!**
```

----------------------------

> Creating virtual environment

Reviewer: Please use the title standard that exists in other rst files. Usually the double ----- titles are "higher" than the single ----- titles.

Author: Done

----------------------------
To create a virtual environment in python, run the following command:

.. code:: bash

   python -m venv <name_of_your_virtual_environment>

------------------------
Installing dependencies
------------------------
.. _windows-installing-dependencies:

Once your virtual environment is set up, activate your virtual environment
by executing the command: ``./venv/Scripts/Activate.ps1``. Then, install
the dependencies for your virtual environment by running the following command:

> - To install development dependencies:

Reviewer: Forgot the regular dependencies(:

Author: Added

   .. code:: bash

      pip install -r .\requirements\dev-requirements.txt

- To install NLP related dependencies:

   .. code:: bash

      pip install -r .\requirements\nlp-requirements.txt

- To install NLP properties related dependencies:

   .. code:: bash

      pip install -r .\requirements\nlp-prop-requirements.txt

- To install vision development dependencies:

   .. code:: bash

      pip install -r .\requirements\vision-requirements.txt

..

>    If you are working with NLP module, then you may require to install

Reviewer: fasttext doesn't just install from pip on windows? I know that on some machines it requires a specific gcc version or such...

Author: Yeah actually on Windows, it is quite a difficult/unclear process. The best and easiest way is that if we have a wheel file, then we can directly install it on windows.

   ``fasttext`` on your machine. To install, you can download a suitable
   version of ``fasttext`` wheel file from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#fasttext.
   Once downloaded, you can run the following command to install the wheel file:

   .. code:: bash
      
      pip install <name_of_your_wheel_file>.whl

Once you have installed all the dependencies, you are ready to
work on the project.

-------------------
Running Unit Tests
-------------------
.. _windows-running-unit-tests:

> To verify and execute all the unit tests, run the following command:

Reviewer: all these run pylint, not tests.
You want to run pytest.

Author: Done

.. code:: bash

   pylint .\tests

If you want to execute specific tests, execute the commands as follows:

.. code:: bash
   
   # Execute NLP tests 
   pytest .\tests\nlp\

   # Execute vision tests 
   pytest .\tests\vision\
   
   # Execute tabular tests 
   pytest .\tests\tabular\

------------
Coding Style
------------
.. _windows-coding-style:

Changes to Python code should pass both linting and docstring check.
In order to validate your code style, you can run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   # To run pylint on all the files
   pylint deepchecks

   # To run pylint on specific file
   pylint .\deepchecks\nlp\utils\text_properties.py

   # To run pydocstyle on all the files
   python -m pydocstyle --convention=pep257 --add-ignore=D107 deepchecks

Linux and Mac Users
--------------------

> For contributors using either Linux or Mac operating system, we have included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For contributors using either Linux or Mac operating systems, we have created
```

> a ``makefile`` which help you get all the setup done in just a few commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a ``makefile`` which will help you get all the setup done in just a few commands.
```

> The ``make`` commands will create the virtual environment and install all the

Reviewer: What will just running "make" do? Did you test that?

Author: No what I meant here was that all the make commands will have built-in commands to create the virtual env and no manual creation is required.
